Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you talk to your PO and the P O said yes. Right.
Lauraluj87: I haven't done me release information yet because I don't know. So my view told me that there's two things that he requires for me, which I was going to mention a group yesterday, but I figured it was personnel so might as well do
Gwenevere Abriel: It now what's up.
Lauraluj87: He said that the only thing you need from you is are the only thing request because I guess he done it before. He said that the only thing that he wants his communication between you
Lauraluj87: Probably. I don't know if that's possible on your end or not. And just, just that I get that release information name. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do that. Let's get that done. So when you do documents do you do it like right here on your phone. What do you how do you get things sign
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you want to go to the computer and I'm going to see if I can get someone in the
Lauraluj87: Viewers me show
Lauraluj87: Us the bag and write notes or whatever and do it later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see if I can help navigate I'll pull up the screen. I'm not perfect at this um but I'm gonna try
Gwenevere Abriel: It like freezing. Okay, I got another layer on here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Freezing
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thanks. Thank you. I'm doing. I did, I decided to fluff it up today have a little something different. Everybody's noticing them like what you do. I'm like, I left my hair. Got a bunch of hairspray in it.
Lauraluj87: Excuse us hairspray. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, there's this bedhead product that's so good. It can even hold like in because we're in Florida and the humidity just completely straight
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's amazing. This bedhead stuff so good.
Lauraluj87: Right there. No, you sir. Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I got it. Let me see. So I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: share my screen with you now. I don't know if you guys have the same access to this portal as I do, but this is bright Heart Health website.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to take a screenshot, because what you want is this you want. I think I'm going to go into. I'm going to put release of information provider open a new tab and see if that's the right one.
Lauraluj87: Oh, she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not gonna let me get in there. Okay, I'm pretty sure it's I'm pretty sure it's provider.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think it really makes a difference. I think they they're written the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your notes would be this. So, for example, were you able to find a business card of your PO or a document where he she has proper title phone number address email. Do you have any proper document that has that pianos demographic information anything address, phone number, email.
Lauraluj87: Clicking
Lauraluj87: Oh,
Lauraluj87: coordinated effort on my paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to. I'm sending a message to Angelina, she's a care navigator in virtual Clinic and I'm saying, Hi, can you email or Lu Han a release of information, information, so she can complete it. I want to be able to communicate.
With
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: Its probation or parole officer.
Lauraluj87: Probation or no police officer. Thank you. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: pretrial release. There we go, pre trial.
Lauraluj87: This officer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And do you have any you have a name there what you got.
Lauraluj87: Now that I see.
Lauraluj87: I remember my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you have it on your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have it on your phone.
Yeah.
Lauraluj87: So,
Lauraluj87: Do you need a number and address
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean I I want it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what we can do. How about we do this, this can be kind of fun. Um, I don't know if you'll end up logging off with me, but you can pull up his contact information. You can take a screenshot of it and you can text it to me if you wanted to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to do that. Okay. If you end up hanging up on me. I'll just stay here and you just log back in. It's not the end of the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We will persevere and either none.
Lauraluj87: He's texting me today to build upon that prescription
Lauraluj87: Absence using everything
Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, no, no.
Lauraluj87: Sign they're having known that behaviors, but I'm on that so
Lauraluj87: Okay. Um, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure we have a good email for you to because it'll get bounced back if we don't have a good email. So I'm going to cross check it now with with what your, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your email and carrier is our electronic health record.
Lauraluj87: And
Lauraluj87: You want to send them to
Lauraluj87: Us, um,
Lauraluj87: And then I need to ask him for
Lauraluj87: I can just text him real quick. You're asking her picture of us cardigan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I would love that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wrote
Gwenevere Abriel: The staff person Laura L. A. You are a Liu J at seven at hot mail.com
Gwenevere Abriel: The beautiful and I see now you sent me something. I'm gonna take a peek. Take a peek here.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see me. Oh, Anthony Carter.
Lauraluj87: Okay, he
Gwenevere Abriel: Said him attacks will hopefully get a more address and emails, what we're looking for. So once we get that all figured out. And my guest. Oh, here's what I think he wants with communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not going to talk about what we had for dinner. What he's going to want is he's going to want to know, hey, is Laura showing up for her scheduled appointments, is she working towards her treatment goals. That's probably all, Mr. Carter once well
Lauraluj87: The one the other night service.
Lauraluj87: She
Lauraluj87: She actually wasn't hurt at all my, I thought I was like oh crap.
Lauraluj87: I should cry. And I'm like, Oh, gosh.
Lauraluj87: I understood. Should I get it, I understand. No, you're good. I'm just gonna drop you from my side like right now. Like, you're good.
Lauraluj87: You know you're doing, you're good. I was like, really.
Lauraluj87: Like I was so boring. Oh my god.
Lauraluj87: So much
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, Laura. So this is, this is an everyday thing for professionals, we, we check in. We make sure there is. There's no conflict of interest. If there's redundant treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we kind of have to decide together right in what best interest. Is it and that's interesting, you were worried that she might make it personal, like you were rejecting her
Lauraluj87: Right, yeah.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Lauraluj87: She's really nice to me know. And to be honest, I would actually prefer in person. I
I never
Lauraluj87: I like you. And like I said, the medicine to. But it's not just the medicine. I could have chosen to, you know, stay with her and just, you know, whatever.
Lauraluj87: But I don't know, I just, I guess it was more or less. I got a better vibe with you. And also, you got more in depth with my life didn't meet her, or did within two days or two.
Lauraluj87: Okay, Matt. Five times and it was more or less, kind of like
Lauraluj87: Awkward sitting there kind of childlike
Lauraluj87: Right so cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're noticing that you wanted to in person you there is more connection. There's no doubt. And that's the downside of the tele health because you only get to see like my forearms up, you can't see. So it's hard.
To
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of, you know, trust can sometimes be a challenge for people, but
Lauraluj87: Very good at, like all using your hands.
Lauraluj87: Yeah and that about you and I, that like a lot you don't understand how much I mean I know, that's why. Like you just, you know, that's why you are very, you know, you make sure it's on cameras on for to say
Lauraluj87: Use your hands, and I love it.
Lauraluj87: Good, good, good. So I go out without all the time. You know what I mean.
Lauraluj87: So I mean a lot to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you like about it is I'm animated I kind of continue to to use my hands as much as I can in here and show as much as I can on the camera and
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like because I did that bio psychosocial upfront, you've been able to already disclose information and then we very quickly, been able to, you know, I, I'm guessing it's around that that topic of
Gwenevere Abriel: Having to kind of fake it a little bit with the people you're living with I'm guessing that's the part that's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right away we got to talk about that right away.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's hard. And that's
Lauraluj87: To
Lauraluj87: Put in the position of, you know, people want to me like I didn't want you to like
Gwenevere Abriel: Well here's the thing, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's about having done this for so many years, you know, over 20 years
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know, I trust myself. I know I trust the professional boundary part that my intentions are that you feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your
Problem.
I'm going to pull up a note, while you're doing that.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Test test test test test you here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, did Mr. Carter send you a quick picture of his business card.
Lauraluj87: To do we went
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I was, I was just, I'm just checking in with you just seeing if you were looking at a text message or an email on to check it.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I'm here, I'm sorry. I have. Okay, so, like, I'm not in my service department on Google Newman is like going back and forth. I'm going on vacation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. You're okay Everything's okay.
Lauraluj87: Okay, I'm sorry, one more time, Anthony.
Lauraluj87: Okay, that's fine though. I can still do that right
Lauraluj87: starts up my name.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, yeah, I'm actually on the losing with by our help center right now. So I'll get all her her your card and then yes.
Lauraluj87: Okay, awesome. Thank you.
Lauraluj87: Okay, are you
So I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean, yeah. And I could hear you talking to him. I couldn't hear him. So I heard that your I. O. P. Starting on Monday. I'm want to check in on that. But so far, we're moving quickly through this. So I'm optimistic. This will get all settled in this week by mid week next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is he going to do, is he going to
Lauraluj87: Email me how
Lauraluj87: To be a conflict, like I thought that you're going to tell me I can't go where he just told me that I have to, I have to see what a journey. I was ready to
Lauraluj87: Move on, it's apt to see her at least once a month for 30 minute check in, because I went out.
Lauraluj87: And as I said, Okay, that's different than like seeing a therapist, you know, I mean,
Lauraluj87: I need. Oh, yeah.
Lauraluj87: There should be no no issue. Go ahead and let you know.
Lauraluj87: Okay, so, yeah.
Lauraluj87: And yeah, I will be back on Monday through zoom. I'm the one that told people about Google little I told them by you guys right now it's
Lauraluj87: Like
Lauraluj87: When I'm like, because whenever
Lauraluj87: It shows them in the camera so I can show all of us right
Gwenevere Abriel: I see everybody
Lauraluj87: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were on a larger screen like let's say you decide to do it on on a computer, you would actually see all the tiles, you would
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if you were on a computer, you would see everybody all at once in a gallery view, it's just because you guys are on the little screen that you have to swipe. And you can only see. I think what four at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it is possible if you ever want to get on like zoom on a larger screen you'll see more of us all at once. You'll have more of a group experience.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, because I haven't been a interesting student window.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then you can see, you know, because we want to know how are people reacting to us, are they, do they seem interested in what I'm saying. Are they going me
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I want to know.
Lauraluj87: It yesterday in the current whenever you guys are having a conversation how everyone was like all like, I don't know. I felt like God man out of that whole thing cuz I was like
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, tell me.
Lauraluj87: The attic.
Lauraluj87: Is valid in the screen that I would have been able to see that was probably agreeing with that one comment and I totally was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's true. So for you being able to sort of scroll back and being able to see faces might and you know how you were saying is important that you see me at my animated hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might really really consider either. If you know someone that has laptop or getting zoom app on your computer that might help you feel so much more immersed.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the experience
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the same with your I. O. P. Because you're going to wonder, what's this person's, how are they reacting to me. I can't see their face, would it feel like it grimacing at me and I can't see them, you might want to consider getting it on a larger screen.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I'm I want to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh, uh huh.
Lauraluj87: What you said that there. I missed that whenever I can. I humanoid um
Lauraluj87: Let's see. Okay, so there's two hours a week, right, we have to group now that window parameter
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you go to group.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one hour and where you get. And so it's split in half that group is you check in on medication. Are you having any symptoms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you, do you have any medication you started or stop. That's the first part of it. It's the MA ti part. That's the medication assisted therapy portion
Gwenevere Abriel: So you won't hear me talking very much during that portion and then that's when the doctor is ordering your prescription. So when you think about group. You never want to miss them, because that's when
Gwenevere Abriel: Your physician orders the medicine is when you show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't show up there won't be an ordering so that that keeps the motivation very high for people, especially when there's not a lot of buy in.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the therapeutic piece of it. So it's why am I going to group. I don't want to hear from these people. Oh no. Wait I need my medicine. That's why I'm going
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I know you guys aren't in love with me yet. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Patient. Oh, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so anyway, I'm very playful, but so then the second half right. And then we do the behavioral health part your other commitment piece is showing up to individual therapy with me. You're doing that right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yep. And that's it. We're going to do that for about a month. Then you and I'll talk. And we'll say okay
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want, what do you need. Do you need more do you need less. How are your goals doing are you reaching the goals that you want to. I'll have some input on it too. Um, and then we'll take it from there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now tell me something, because the IoT hours if you happen to know when they are because if we have
Lauraluj87: 1pm 11 Tuesday, Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so those are I. O. P. And now currently. Is there any conflict. No, there's no conflict with group. So because it's in the morning. Right. Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Well, today, right. I haven't been to like at all ever. OK.
Lauraluj87: So now if you if you want me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So here's what you could do. You could do, because you're are you assigned to 7am on Tuesday. Is that your normal ones that the one you're assigned to
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. So how about I go check. I'm gonna go take a peek. See what they got you in here.
Lauraluj87: I'm going to send you that card I
Love it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This House could not be folder.
Lauraluj87: For
Lauraluj87: Bigger
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I totally have your card to
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got That's beautiful. Let me just open it, make sure I can see the whole thing got email. Okay. Anthony underscore Carter at an mp.us courts.gov. Okay. So I want to show you because I want your consent on what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be sending him, so I want your eyes on it and you want you to tell me yes, this feels comfortable. This is what I'm okay with okay want you to be okay with it. So I'm going to open up one of those in a minute. But for some
Lauraluj87: I don't know.
Lauraluj87: Thank you for doing this. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, absolutely. No, I'm excited to work with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see we got characters. I'm trying to see what group you is in you is yet you're the early bird early bird. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's when the hair is not done, that's when it's pigtail time for me.
Lauraluj87: So that's choosing
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday at seven in the morning so that
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it, and then you and I. It'd be nice if we cut a set schedule that
Gwenevere Abriel: We didn't have to change too too too often. So let me see what I can do. I'm going to look ahead. I don't know that I'll have a set time I'll be able to commit to anything permanent next week, but I'll be able to do it in the future if it's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now are you from the thought of. I need a break. And I don't want this therapy all week. So you kind of want to have like a free day when you don't have to deal with with us therapist types. Do you want like a free day
No.
Lauraluj87: No, I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can play
Lauraluj87: We can listen this I'm thinking
Commit to to the nine o'clock. I'm wondering if I can commit to that used to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see what happened. Yeah, I can do that. Okay, so you ready
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're looking at
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is short term. So you're going to see consistency moving forward after next week, but we have a little, I have to, I already had someone scheduled in the spot that I think is going to be good for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's already somebody there. So you're going to see consistency. Two weeks from now three weeks, four weeks, then it'll be in a set time but just for next week. Are you okay with 10am April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Assuming I didn't just scheduled boy. Why does that sounds familiar, so I
Lauraluj87: Gave that
Gwenevere Abriel: For Friday I just
Made
Lauraluj87: Quite done today schedule someone that she
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Alright, well I'm thinking, this should be okay. Sometimes I do make a mistake, not too often, but sometimes I forget to write the darn thing down in my book, but let's go for this. Let's go for April 10 at 10am
Gwenevere Abriel: And then move to the next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's let's do this will be your set time it'll be 9am on Fridays April 17 9am and then I'm going to write you way ahead to protect the spot on the right, April 24
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to right
Gwenevere Abriel: After that may 1
Lauraluj87: We have an April 24 is going to be the 9am when I uh huh
Gwenevere Abriel: So these are all Fridays at nine that's going to be like your when do I see my my therapist Fridays at nine. Why do I see my therapist.
Lauraluj87: In April, May what
First
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So here's what I have coming up, we have next Tuesday at seven in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this is the odd one out. We have FRIDAY, APRIL 10 at 10am that's where we're settling in. We don't quite have consistency and then for individual therapy. Well, you'll go to group on April 14 at 7am
Lauraluj87: When I before. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'll be 7am group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then individual therapy April 17 at 9am then on that week. We are set at our 9am spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that will be a place that I hold for you as well. On April 24 to unfold for you. On May 1. Now here's the thing. This is the sticky part if all of a sudden you dip.
Lauraluj87: Look,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do, then I'll be like, huh, she's not showing up and you'll lose that spot which means there are people that are showing up. They're showing up to group. This may seem really weird. But what
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you get
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, Kitty, but I just got Kitty, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Fuzzy buttons. Hi, Katie or look at that key.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did that catches Disney
Lauraluj87: And then my question mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: Question mark.
Lauraluj87: So anyways,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What you already know that I'm fairly good at giving heads up the night before, but I noticed I didn't hear from you. So what happened with last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just check on our communication through text because when they're green. I wonder if people are getting them. Are you getting my little green text because if they are green. I always wonder, did my client get this text, did you get this one. Did you get this one last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. Oh.
Four.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about these
Lauraluj87: Bigger morning what I did get the money one yeah i mean i want either. No, I didn't. I got the money.
Lauraluj87: Good. That was one
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that weird, huh, huh. What do we do you want me to do it through. Did you check your email, all the time, or how do you check
Lauraluj87: I can
Lauraluj87: I'm trying to reset my phone, maybe
Lauraluj87: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your school what I was told I was told that that's like through I message or something and they don't always go through if there's not a good connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so here's what for now what I'm going to do is if I don't hear from you. Like that day or a few hours. I may give you a quick call and say, hey, as
Lauraluj87: Crazy as
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't be
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be. Hey, um. Are you going to be here tomorrow and such and such time you'll say, Yes, I'll say, Have a good night, and that'll be it.
Lauraluj87: That's cool. Yeah, I'm done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. It might also be coming from a care Navigator. So it might be someone like Angelina saying hi just confirming tomorrow with when at nine in the morning you'll say, okay, and then off you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until we get this worked out because that usually what happens is if I don't hear from people, then I offer it to someone else. So I get unconcerned I want to make sure that you're gonna
Lauraluj87: I'm glad that you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know. But we're here, we're okay. So we have been doing lots and lots and lots of logistics.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where we're at.
We're at
Gwenevere Abriel: Angelina, I think, has probably SENT HIM TO SEE IF SHE SAID IT. SHE SENT YOU BECAUSE SHE GOT ice is it for her PO. Oh, so she Angelina said if it's for her to Anthony Carter, I sent it seven days ago. So you know how maybe I'll check your email, it might be sitting in there from seven days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's okay, it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, now, now you have, you see all this all this information from his card.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: His address his proper spelling and his email when you go in the release of information and it says, To whom are you releasing the information
Gwenevere Abriel: I want his name. So you might want to write this down. I want his name. His title I want his phone number. And really, really, really important his email address on the release of information, because what that says to me, I'm very, very conservative and it says to me, my client is okay.
Lauraluj87: With me sending this information. And I want to show you what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can tell me you're probably gonna say that's fine because I rarely say anything about
A very conservative
Lauraluj87: Session.
Lauraluj87: Yesterday, I thought that was kind of crazy.
Lauraluj87: Your problem I yeah getting better. It's getting my script. And I'm like, why, like, I don't. I was totally against
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I loved it. I loved what you had to say. So where are some. I love it. Always speak your mind like that because other people might feel embarrassed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And if you say no I'm down with that you give them the courage, when you show your, your, like it's nothing but a thing when you show up like that, then they're like, haha. Maybe I'm making a bigger deal out of something that doesn't need to be there.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Lauraluj87: Like you said you weren't even saying to go that way. But everybody went that way, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, and I don't have. I don't have the street cred that you do. That's why I'd rather you guys talk than me because I might they might get as a she has to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: Right going to be passing she full of it. She's going to be nice to me. She's paid to be nice. No is better if it comes from you guys see
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I'm doing right now is I'm opening up a participation letter. I'm getting names because you don't need to know that, but you're going to get an idea of what they look like. Okay, so that you know what's coming.
Gwenevere Abriel: What Mr. Carter will see. So I'm removing the names right now. And then I'm going to share my screen. Give me a second. There's about five names in here. I gotta take it out.
And your doctor is real. So I'll change real
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me see if I got names. I have a name. No name, no name no name.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm actually going to start when we might as well do it now, but just write one up.
Nobody
Lauraluj87: Would you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I might as well.
Lauraluj87: Oh, man to man. Oh.
Dude,
Lauraluj87: Unpleasant. Okay, so you've ever had before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and you know what this is going to blow your mind and ask the doctor about this too, because I I don't remember exactly what she was saying.
Lauraluj87: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Being on buprenorphine. Get ready, it messes with your dental care and messes with the health of yeah yes it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you got to talk to you about that because it's like it can keep people motivated to want to start to taper were before. Maybe they thought, oh, it's the perfect medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, okay, but it has its side effects to. So I think what she was saying was, it messes around with. Oops, I don't need the whole screen and try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: To share just want the document. Here you go, it. I think it messes with the ability of it of your mouth to
Lauraluj87: The way that Asters over your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So for example, we might say that or you might say, No, I'd rather use such and such name so it would be something like this. Look how old this one is lesser of 2018 I once I found a really open to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have the data here and believe it's April. Okay, so, so do so it'd be like this. Now, once your, your PO. So let's say I have a release of information, it would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony L. Whoops. Anthony L Carter and then this letter is to inform you that mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you would tell me if you'd like. This is the name or you're under
Lauraluj87: Individuals from time babies.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you tell me he has to
Lauraluj87: What
Gwenevere Abriel: If Mr. Carter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can put that in here, but then you just have to make
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he doesn't care. Then I'm not going to change this. But if you say he really needs to be in writing that I'm attending individual therapy weekly. So I would say individual therapy sessions times very
Lauraluj87: Carefully
Lauraluj87: only other thing is I was doing two times a month with him. Yeah, I wasn't even a weekly learning
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're good.
Lauraluj87: I don't think it matters. I think we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know what
Lauraluj87: Fucking me to my language. Ah, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: We started this have an idea. So now when your PO. Mr. Carter says I received your participation letter. There's no surprise to you. You know what it's going to look like.
Lauraluj87: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome, welcome. I know you you guys, especially if there's any involvement with the probation for all the judicial system. I think you guys often feel like helpless to everybody's power like you're thrown around like you got no se and
Lauraluj87: I guess I just leave was that people would think that was
Lauraluj87: Why don't mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Glad you don't
Lauraluj87: Like I said, Whenever I whenever I got rams that during those what I call it. I kind of just like I complied with, like, Okay, I have. Yeah. You got me.
Lauraluj87: You know, I'm not gonna sit here and I do. And it was kind of a little bit like not not like that upsetting to me was I was kind of a we'd be honest.
Lauraluj87: I was like, now I don't have doing, you know, now I'm good. I know I'll be okay. Finally, I'll be good. So I don't know where it is what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see the blessing. And you can see the positive side.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's great. I like that attitude. So even as, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at group. Let's take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea of I felt a bit like the odd one out there was a little bit of that going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that you have a right to your own perspective in there. You do not have to agree and see things the same way other people do.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's going to be times when there's more people that kind of see the world the way you do. And other times when you might be the only one that has a thought and nobody's even said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want you to know that you can still share it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm there to protect everyone I don't want anyone saying, well, that's stupid. You shouldn't say that there's no i would mute them or kick them out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're not there for that were there for to hear our own thought process out loud to kind of bounce it off brainstorm with other people, hey, is what I said, really what I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's a part of it, but I've got more there's more to it than that. It's these are complicated issues addictive behavior dependence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our trauma history. How does that affect how we are today. These are complex human experiences. They're not just one little thing I give you guys what 20 seconds at the end to say something that that's not enough time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know that that's why i don't i don't call it therapy. It's really, it's just medication assisted therapy and a little bit of behavioral health, education and
Gwenevere Abriel: itty bitty miniscule little crumb of emotional check in. But there isn't much. It's not like what you're probably going to be getting in your LP, that's where you're really going to get
Lauraluj87: Your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: On, I know that. But we can take a little bit like what you said, hey, I felt like the odd one out and I can listen to you more in here. So one spend a little bit of time. What was it like to you for you to feel like the odd one out.
Lauraluj87: I expected it a little bit. Kinda like you running. I mean, I'm probably they always wanted to in there. I don't know. I don't know if I am. What am I mean I was the youngest woman she Bullitt county like you know i mean i'm
Lauraluj87: Also, I know that like
Lauraluj87: With the group. Um, I don't know, whenever I seek something like whenever I wanted you something like for example.
Lauraluj87: I didn't have to do that. They didn't require that wasn't a requirement of getting out of reach out
Lauraluj87: It was just require that I attend there. So technically, I didn't have to do outreach i do i op, not just because of reports because. Also, I wanted to
Lauraluj87: And I'm and I actually, I actually told my POS if you know I'm if I wanted to do like anger management classes after you finish you know that to
Lauraluj87: Me was like, Well, yeah, but why. And I was like, I don't know. And he's on board. I said, Yeah, but that's not why like
Lauraluj87: I always wanted to do that so I might as well do it now let me know you know make my life better now charging like you know now doing the same silver so
Lauraluj87: But going back to like being our men out in group, it was kind of like that like I felt like it was my choice to say I
Lauraluj87: See, I said, like I didn't have to agree with them. I didn't have to follow and, like, try and make up some white lie. Oh yeah, I've always had a problem with saying I'm not
Lauraluj87: No, I'm I just didn't like it never even been a problem at all that that wasn't even like a problem to like think about to be the problem but you know I mean it was just saying
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have there's psychology has that word ego sin tonic.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's fun. Right. I mean, I'm, I'm cool with who I am. Even my flaws, even my mistakes.
Lauraluj87: You know, we do see my disabilities. My ability
Lauraluj87: To always say so and then till death do us apart haha funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So right, it means where one Skill might be dialed down a little. All these 10 others other aptitudes or turn way up like your ability to recognize subtle facial expressions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or how hands can communicate something you have that attitude that other people are like, Well, I didn't even know she had hands. I don't know what you're talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to pick up on that, like, real fast. Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Wow that's so cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it, I love it. And I want you to continue with that. And of course, I'm excited. I'm a therapist. You want to learn and grow. Unlike yeah wish everybody was like
Lauraluj87: I said it was just so funny. As soon as like when I noticed, I think it was yesterday. Whenever I really noticed that the most because I was seeing everyone else talking, I realized that you were the only one that I was actually like not wanting to be honest with me.
Lauraluj87: And I was like, okay, so why am I so like, why is she the one that's catching my eye. The moment. Like, why is it that every time you talk
Lauraluj87: I like it's like, you know what I mean. I actually been injured my my weight was just like, I didn't miss it. You know, I follow you everywhere.
Lauraluj87: I was like, what is she doing this so different. I don't get it. Well then I saw, I saw you adjust your camera or something and I saw that you just turn your hand right and then I was like hot its body language. I'm waiting, providing them with so much. I'm not just
Lauraluj87: Your body language and maybe in death. I've always done that. So it means a lot to me already.
Lauraluj87: So here's
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what's interesting. I heard you say I was kind of you didn't say I was bored. But you, you said I was falling asleep. But I think what that might be is I was less like connected
Lauraluj87: And Tim Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was it, and you figured it out and you you like oh I'm Gwen's including her hands and I just did it. Just now I brought it down to the top of my head. So you can see more of my hands and I just did it in here also.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do my best, right, because I'm if it works. I'm going to do it, but you can also, this is where you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get to stretch in group. You know how you're like, Well, I'm already chill. I already uncomfortable, these people, these will wait a minute, maybe there's a room to grow for you too. And it's like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, y'all.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can, I will feel more connected to you if I could see more of you, I can see your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you knew you had a right
Gwenevere Abriel: To get your communication style. The way you need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a right to that to not just because it's convenient for us. We're not conscious. I am now more conscious because you said it out loud. I didn't know that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: In fact, I kind of think I'm annoying. My hands are always flopping around. I'm like, well, maybe, maybe I'm annoying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I'm too dramatic and I irritate people in their role in their eyes all the time. I can't tell because I can't watch that many screens at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm so glad you said something to me because now I can hopefully continue to be mindful of that, and include that in part of my communication. Yeah.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no I'm glad you said it, and none of us do. Because think about it, we're all kind of wrapped up in our own little worlds, aren't we
Gwenevere Abriel: were like, well, this is what I'm thinking. This is what I'm feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she just do we don't spend a lot of time out there and empathy land and then come back to the self. Now some people, it's the opposite. You ever met those where they only care about other people's feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they have a hard time coming back to, well, what do I want
Lauraluj87: What do yeah I never, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then we're onto something there. So that's, that's a topic of boundaries setting limits and that is one of my favorite things to talk about, because it has such a powerful impact with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I'd like to do with the little teeny, teeny, teeny weeny bit of time that we have. Can I, can I go over one skill with you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to my ears are congested. I'm gonna do the hair flip
Lauraluj87: Cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: My hairspray break. I want a fluffy hair. By the end of the day. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to do the education. Some have quite enough time to do a great job of this. So I'm just going to give you. I'm going to throw some science at you. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you can now. Okay, cool. I'm going to give you the the sort of biological reason why diet for matic breathing works and it's not a psychological phenomenon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Diaphragm matic breathing your diaphragm right is right here cuts your body and half the reason why it works is biological. You don't have to believe it for it to work.
Lauraluj87: The same way where
Gwenevere Abriel: You sit right here and say, I don't have a spleen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you still going to have a spleen. So it's still going to be working for you. Okay, it's unconscious
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have an phenomenon going on down here in our diaphragm. Can you see my hands or no.
Lauraluj87: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am My name is in the way. So I can't even see my screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so here's the key piece. So again, I'm just doing the psychobabble part and then I'm going to go into actually teaching it on a different day. So the basic biology is this
Gwenevere Abriel: The reason why diet for matic breathing works is because when we use a full belly breath, which means our air goes all the way down to the bottom of our lungs.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means that my belly pushes out into this little balloon and it's pushing when I breathe a full breath in to the bottom of the lungs. See how my hands go out
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I'm inhaling
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling at the bottom of my long. So the reason why this has an effect is the following. You have a Vegas nerve and it is called so called the wandering nerve and it wanders around those who are to our eyes to the facial muscles to our
Gwenevere Abriel: Own inner ear towards heart or lungs our gut goes to the organs and the reason why this breathing helps regulate
Gwenevere Abriel: Our emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is because
Gwenevere Abriel: When you do that breath. I'm just talking slowly because this is the key piece when I do that breath and I bring it in here it's pushing all those organs down it's going smoosh
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens because those organs down there are connected to the Vegas nerve. There's a message that goes
Gwenevere Abriel: It comes from the bottom right down there from my organs off the Vegas nerve up to my brain that's busy thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: What if my life will always be like this. What if I never oh my gosh what I get. What if and you're in, let's say you're in a really negative thought when you do this kind of breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sends a contradictory message up that says we're fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we're fine. You know, I know, we're fine. We're fine because if I'm breathing like that. That means nobody
Gwenevere Abriel: Has a weapon in the room, nobody's trying to punch me nobody's trying to hurt me right feeling right there's no way I'm going to be doing this this yoga breath. If I'm in danger. I would be breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be up here like this. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what's neat is we can use our biology.
Gwenevere Abriel: To tell our psychology. We're okay.
Lauraluj87: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's amazing. And so we call it the bagel break, we'll put a break on it, we're using our biology to tell our psychology chill. Look around.
Lauraluj87: Yes, it's high after you know he knows, like all of these harm you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, imagine how hard it is for me. I've been there.
Lauraluj87: Man I new stuff and frickin again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But guess what, what did I say you don't have to believe it for it to work.
Lauraluj87: Because if it works.
Lauraluj87: It works. It's already. It's already there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So will we do over time. And I'll teach it to you next time when, when I can go nice and slow. And we can do it together. But I wanted to and I just told you a little piece of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't tell you about the sympathetic nervous system, a fight and flight in the parasympathetic nervous system and how they're this delicate balance that already exist and we're just using
Gwenevere Abriel: The solutions that you were already born with to your advantage.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's some basic sort of biology around what to be teaching around the belly breathing. You can go YouTube. And if you want to you can get ahead of the game and you can go look up words like Daya for matic reading you can look up
Gwenevere Abriel: I think they call it square breathing. I always call it box breathing, because I like the word better but basically what I'll be teaching you is it'll be an inhale through the nose for four seconds and you hold your breath for four seconds. Exhale for four seconds you'll hold your breath.
Lauraluj87: My neck. Ha ha ha ha ha, a
Gwenevere Abriel: D.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ay, ay,
Lauraluj87: PH are a
Message.
Gwenevere Abriel: diaphragms we don't say the G, but it's a pragmatic. I know it's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. We don't pronounce.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, so that's how
Lauraluj87: Learning the art.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the reason why I call it belly breathing. Now I didn't when they first started teaching. This is because people were forgetting what
Gwenevere Abriel: I call it belly breathing.
Lauraluj87: belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly, that's the mechanism of change that gets the bagel break that sends the message through the Vegas nerve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up to the limbic system. Right. The amygdala, the one that's like the emotional hijacker that's like, this is the end of the world. Okay, so we send the message of incomplete contradiction to the limbic system. Hey, we're okay. Look, we can be
Gwenevere Abriel: In our body. You can stay vigilant, we can stay conscious a we can be in a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what we're up to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm giving you just the psycho, blah, blah. And the physio blah, blah, and then I'm going to go into next time, I'm going to be doing it with you. We'll do it together. In fact, we'll do it in vivo, which means we'll get we'll bring up the in our
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull it up from our hippocampus and we'll sit in and are working memorable. Think of something that's muscle Manos a little stressful and then we'll use this technique in real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And will regulate with a real distressing thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll do it in real time. You're more than welcome. Everything I do is yours. There's no nothing hidden here, you can go look it up yourself. Go check it out. You can you can teach me your version of it next time however you want to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to have this because it's the one thing that of all of the cute little things that we're going to do. This is the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the one that helps your brain get blood up here in the thinking part of the brand new executive functioning the prefrontal cortex. This one, it gets the blood up there that helps you remember all the other things that we're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can't remember them. When you're all stressed out. Nobody can nobody. So that's why the breath is the go to for regulating quickly and effectively.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you, you already know how to breathe. So I have every bit of confidence that will will be just fine.
Lauraluj87: For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you're already breathing. I know you know how to do it.
Lauraluj87: Oh, so
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a different, but it feels really awkward actually to be doing it in the belly. It's like what we talked about
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know it feels weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but
Lauraluj87: You can
Gwenevere Abriel: See now I'm a teacher. Don't you worry. But, you know, know how to do it, we did when we were babies picture a little baby. How does that little thing. You can see their little Tommy's goby right yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna be doing baby very
Lauraluj87: Naturally to them. The man I learned and do it will make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got all uptight. As we grow older.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, we did. Yeah. So okay, so what we all did that. So we're going to relearn it we're going to see the value of it. Now, we have some science to understand how we can regulate it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me something today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I message Dr brielle to get you medicine to get you to Tuesday, or do you have enough medication to get you to Tuesday, because we got the weekend coming up.
Lauraluj87: On any musician and given a writing
Lauraluj87: Group last week, whatever Mike's okay I've been out for three days. Oh my god.
What is
Lauraluj87: Real quick, I'm good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me talk for just a second. I have to run out of here. So, just listen. Don't ever go through that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: In here know you're never without medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know you don't know that because you probably thought I screwed up. I couldn't make it or whatever you were doing in your head, you need to be on medication you are any medication assisted therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a red flag needs to go off in your mind. I know. Usually it's like, oh, maybe I did something wrong. I don't ask these people are because I'm off. I don't know what went on in your head, but this is the new information. So take this in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your therapist your physician does not want you off of it until you're ready, and that might be a year from now, I don't know when that's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want you on it. So you are not risking relaxing. Here's what you do. Next time you notice something went sideways, you can call heart health, you can just straight up log into virtual clinic, like, hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a hot mess. I miss my group. What do I do. Okay. You can also after you've done those two things. You can also, if that doesn't work. Let's say someone gives you an attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can text me and you can say I have called bright heart health. I have logged into virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they said they would reach out to my doctor, I have been minute out of medication, it's because I missed my group. What do I do and I can advise. Okay, so I don't want you to be without it. You hear that,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay he will
Lauraluj87: Give this to say he says
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. I don't have a lot of time but
Gwenevere Abriel: Here I go, going into my communication platform. I'm communicating now with Dr brielle
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost there, almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Dash, dash, dash, dash, dash
With for individual
This morning
Lauraluj87: Next service is group.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is exactly what I'm typing diversity. You know what the messages. Okay, 7am
And that
She has been
Out of medication for how many
Lauraluj87: Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you need anything, any other medications. In other words, are you on Gabba Penton or Clonidine, anything like that, or is it just the buprenorphine. We're talking about
Lauraluj87: Like for that. I'm taking right now I'm on my show and I'm on antidepressants, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think after I realized prescribing those is that correct
Lauraluj87: No, no, no. You got your that's
Lauraluj87: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Met with her this morning. Next service is group 7am she's been out of medical school. Okay. Um, I informed her to reach out to be, ah, ah, sooner than later, he appears to understand. Okay.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't want you without it. All right, so you do need to show up to group to get that order, but
Lauraluj87: Don't yell at him, probably withdrawals. That's why you're so
Far
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, you did great, you really didn't even
Lauraluj87: Need it sorry my Catholic much yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will see you Tuesday morning if there's any issues with the pharmacy call bride heart health login worst case scenario, give me a text. I'm going to be in a training for most of today, but I can still, I can still be helpful with the text or two. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Lauraluj87: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: messages sent be good to you go into your email sign a release of information, remembering all that info, even though it looks like a short little line put as much of that information about Mr. Carter as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's hit send. If you don't know how to do it, go back into virtual clinic and ask someone for help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
This is
Gwenevere Abriel: What this is showing me say
Lauraluj87: That yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you are you
Lauraluj87: Okay, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever. How do I say I want to help you.
Lauraluj87: Do you want so
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I say I
Lauraluj87: Want to help
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Lauraluj87: Your lunch once okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to help you.
Lauraluj87: Yep, there you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you on Tuesday morning